{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15260\viewh11580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README - Divebar\
\
Divebar is an extension for the chrome web browser to improve functionality when using multiple large sized windows. When a portion of the browser that contains content is placed part way off the computer screen, Divebar activates the scroll bar and allows all content to be seen by scrolling, giving the functionality of temporarily resizing the window without having to change it's size. Divebar works off the left, right, and bottom of the visible screen area. \
\
USAGE\
To use dive bar as a chrome extension in it's current form, navigate to the extensions page at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "chrome://extensions/"}}{\fldrslt chrome://extensions/}} and make sure the Developer Mode box in the upper right is checked. Click the "Load unpacked extension" button, and select the Divebar folder from where it was downloaded to. Check the "Enable" box to activate the extension.\
\
This extension will run in the background, and to use the functionality, simply navigate to a valid website, and drag your browser window partially off the left, right, or bottom of your screen. Divebar will automatically activate, allowing you to scroll through all visible content. When you drag your window back fully into your screen, the page will return to normal.\
\
\
KNOWN ISSUES\
\
Webpages that contain elements of position: fixed currently cause issues.\
\
Formatting of certain elements such as overlay banners is occasionally disrupted. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
This extension is currently in development.}